now we're going to tie the snow shoe
parachute March Brown great flight for
springtime on the Truckee River you a
lot of California streams we're gonna
use some air 0w for the body coke to be
on for the tail tan die grizzly hackle
for the hackle for the wing we're going
to use some snowshoe rabbit foot the
natural ginger color will tie this on a
TMC 100 and a size 16 all right we're
gonna tire snowshoe parachute March
Brown start with a little Dave splice
cement on the hook shank there
rock-bottom
start
okay
okay let's tie a snowshoe the parachute
March Brown a twine put a little flex
men on the hook shank just gonna wrap a
nice little under layer of thread right
to the point just over the bar to the
book wrap back forward just a couple of
turns ahead of the halfway point
at this point select a small club let's
know she rather
I'll fight in actually backwards
so the tips for back here
but where I trimmed it from the foot
isn't the front
this is a nice fuzzy little parachute
very easy to see that snowshoe rabbit
has a nice quality of translucence once
you can't really float brush out all the
excess junk there now we're going to
post that wing is wrapping thread up
that wing post create a little rigid
area easier to wrap our parachute style
back around
on fibers at the end there just snip
those away or coke do me on feathers I'm
going to use that form our tail
together a few fibers there so
catch too many of the fibers
my browser
people robust mayfly than the blooming
olives or pmv so it's okay if their
bodies a little bumper a little shaggy
or and like a western green grape
they're just naturally chunkier bud
so you want to imitate that with your
your fly designs to grab a little bit of
hairs here at burner here this he's got
just a very small amount of pan UVI
stuff mixed into it for little extra
Sparkle
nice and smooth I like to put a turn a
dump thread under the tail to elevate it
a little bit the parachute pattern lying
on that parachute tackle to keep it
floating so the tail is cocked up a
little bit I'm just twisting that here's
your dubbing little tighter there again
have a few wild fibers I'll just trim
those out and get our dub thread here we
can select and tie in our or hackle now
if you slightly oversized get a half of
each when you use about a 15 size tackle
on a 16 fly in a 13 size tackle on the
14 plus-size fly and so on just prepare
the hackle like so tie it in on the far
side of the wing just using the dubbed
thread to tie it down the dubbed thread
catches in the little indentations in
the hackle stem where we pulled out the
fibers so it really does tie the hackle
down very well if you do it that way
trim off the excess there you grab our
hackle we're wrapping counterclockwise
around the wing starting at the top
and downward
when you go to finish off a parachute
pattern pull the hackle stem across and
over the eye of the hook on the far side
from you two or three good tight turns a
walk back down
then
trim off the tip
have your hackle fireese the TMC Mitch
sighs whip finisher
by order and you see how you can work it
under the parachute hackle like so what
will you don't catch fibers your tackle
applies these together nice and neat
nice
break line
without translucent that snowshoe rabbit
way is very easy to see on the water
very effective under fishing conditions
these flies float like little corks the
last thing we'll do we will final
measure of durability I'm just going to
get a very tiny drop of flex on that
right on my bought contempt
right at the base of the wing and the
hackle will let that soak in it will
glue that hackle stem to the wing base
and the fly else that they stayed
together a lot longer because that
little extra bit of the stem
thanks find out more at Reno fly shop
calm